HIGHEST PRIORITIES:
  Add recipient validation.  This will probably require reimplementing
    qmail's/vpopmail's .qmail file parser.  DO NOT reuse code from qmail or
    vpopmail.
  DKIM/SPF support, including ability to use valid DKIM/SPF as whitelists
  Full log conditionality, based on IP or rDNS or more.
  Make spamdyke log message information: From/To/Cc/Subject lines (better yet
    make this configurable), presence of attachments and message size.
  Add flags to blackhole mail instead of rejecting it.  Make this work correctly
    when there are multiple recipients.
  Add the ability to redirect rejected mail to alternate addresses (substitute
    recipients).  Make this work correctly for multiple recipients.
  Add the ability to redirect accepted mail to alternate addresses.
  Add the ability to BCC accepted mail to alternate addresses (recipient
    injection).
  Add the ability to insert headers instead of rejecting a message.
  Add the ability to modify the subject line instead of rejecting a message.
  Full database support, especially for the graylist filter, to make life
    simpler for administrators of large sites.
  Add a feature that would automatically whitelist senders for a recipient
    if the recipient had sent a message to the sender (an auto-whitelist).
    Credit goes to Roman V. Isaev.
  Add a "proxy mode" that will listen for incoming connections and tunnel
    them to another server/port for non-qmail servers (or replace tcpserver
    on qmail servers).  Use TLS to communicate with the remote server if
    possible.  Listen on multiple interfaces/ports.
  Wrap spamdyke in an NT service so MS Exchange administrators can use it.
  Tarpit mode to trap botnet spammers the way LaBrea used to trap Code Red
    attackers.

LOWER PRIORITIES:
  Add the ability to require TLS/SSL before authentication is allowed (e.g. a
    "require-tls" value for "smtp-auth-level".  Credit goes to Eric Shubert.
  Consider extending sender/recipient wildcards to allow user@ instead of just
    @domain.  Credit goes to stephan.
  Consider adding a filter to block messages where the From field doesn't match
    the envelope sender.
  Consider changing the logging of DENIED_OTHER to include the rejection text
    from the downstream filter.  Credit goes to David Stiller.
  Make spamdyke output a message for every connection no matter what, even a
    short connect/disconnect.  Credit goes to Eric Shubert.
  Create an IP-testing function (to check parsability and ranges) and change all
    of the (many) tests to use it.
  Change the unqualified recipient filter to read /var/qmail/control/envathost
  Add a forward-resolve whitelist: give a list of FQDNs, resolve each one and
    see if the IP matches the incoming IP.  This will make DynDNS work.
    Credit goes to Christian Aust.
  Make find_case_insensitive_needle more efficient.  Consider making it a
    complete replacement for strcasestr().
  Add support for /etc/hosts.
  Change the sender blacklist to make it possible to block null senders
    (bounces).  Credit goes to Venks Izod.
  Change main() to return a different error code if config-test encounters an
    error or if spamdyke can't start for some reason.  Credit goes to Eric
    Shubert.
  Change check_dnsrbl() and check_rhsbl() to keep a list of RBLs/RHSBLs and
    success/failure codes so tests won't be repeated.  This will require
    changing nihdns_query() to keep track of NXDOMAIN responses so negative
    responses can be distinguished from missing responses.
  Once nihdns_query() has been changed to track NXDOMAIN responses, change the
    missing rDNS, unresolvable rDNS and missing MX filters to return permanent
    rejection codes if NXDOMAIN is received; continue using temporary codes if 
    no response is received.
  Add HELO logging and filtering.  Credit goes to Pavel V. Yanchenko.
  Allow filesystem-based filters to call commands to do processing for them.
    Write some example commands to do gray/black/whitelisting and recipient
    validation in MySQL.
  Consider adding a log entry on exit to show the total wall time spent, the
    time spent running filters, DNS queries, waiting on remote/child data, etc.
    Credit goes to Ulrich Eckardt.
  Modify the graylist filter to be more forgiving to mailing lists that use
    tagged sender addresses.  Look for similarities between previously
    graylisted addresses and allow future senders that match a pattern (e.g.
    remove all numbers in the usernames).  Credit goes to Eric Shubert.
  Consider adding support for the RBLSMTPD environment variable.  Credit goes
    to Andras Korn.
  Add the ability to limit full logging by IP or rDNS name.  Credit goes to
    Paolo.
  Fix the DNS spoofing "bug" by randomizing the outbound port with every query.
    Try not to panic about it like CERT/CC did.
  Consider adding support for Maxmind's GeoIP.  Credit goes to Andras Korn.
  Implement LaBrea-style tarpitting when spamdyke is used to accept incoming
    network connections.
  Add a feature to limit simultaneous (or per-time-period) connections per
    IP/rDNS/sender/recipient.
  Log the Message-ID field so a message can be tracked from delivery to disk.
    spamdyke will need to add the Message-ID field if needed.  Credit goes to
    Frank SDI.
  Consider something to change the per-recipient filters into global filters;
    e.g. exceeding the max recipients or hitting a recipient blacklist rejects
    _everything_, not just the recipient.  Credit goes to Frank SDI.
  Rewrite the buffers in middleman() to use a ring buffer instead of constantly
    memmove()ing data around.
  Add a test mode to each filter that will run the filter and log the result
    without actually blocking the connections.  That way, the admin can see what
    would happen if different filters were engaged without risking false
    negatives.  Credit goes to Marcin Orlowski.
  Consider making log messages configurable with printf-style format strings.
    Credit goes to Andras Korn.
  Add a way to make the ip-in-rdns feature more or less aggressive.  This would
    include matching portions of the IP address or allowing multiple characters
    betweeen octets.  Credit goes to Marcin Orlowski.
  Consider supporting CDB files.
  Add a flag to use regexps in email address files (recipient/sender
    white/blacklists)
    "Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use
    regular expressions.' Now they have two problems." — Jamie Zawinski
  After spamdyke becomes a daemon, add a feature to periodically clean out the
    graylist folders.
  After spamdyke becomes a daemon, add a feature to periodically write statistics
    to a file or database.  Perhaps listen to a FIFO so the stats can be read
    on demand.
  Rework the install documentation to make it clearer how to setup graylisting
    and how to determine permissions/ownership.
  Consider putting the graphing scripts in the distribution.
  Consider putting the spamtrap and hunter_seeker scripts in the distribution.
  Consider splitting check-rhsbl into two filters: one to check RHSBLs for the
    rDNS name and one to check RHSBLs for the sender's domain name.  Credit goes
    to Andras Korn.
  Add the ability to limit the number of incoming messages from an IP/sender/
    domain or to a recipient/domain in a given time period.
  Add support for DIGEST-MD5 SMTP AUTH.
  Add a "quick mode" for busy servers that will print a reject message and
    immediately disconnect, instead of faking an SMTP conversation.
  Consider adding an auto-whitelist feature when the remote server's IP
    matches the MX record for the sender's domain.
  Consider adding hooks for content scanners like ClamAV or SpamAssassin.
  Find a way to query WHOIS for incoming domain names and reject all domains
    newer than 5 days (domain tasting limit).
  Add the ability to forward to multiple different servers at the same time.
  Add a way to block messages based on the character set, so foreign language
    spam can be blocked regardless of source.
